############################################################################
# 
# A temporary problem list for issues found in jake 
#
############################################################################

# jdk_lang

java/lang/invoke/CustomizedLambdaFormTest.java			 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/ExplicitCastArgumentsTest.java			 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/VarargsArrayTest.java				 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/lambda/LogGeneratedClassesTest.java             generic-all

############################################################################

# jdk_net

java/net/DatagramSocket/SetDatagramSocketImplFactory/ADatagramSocket.java  generic-all

############################################################################

# jdk_jdi

# 8076544
com/sun/jdi/RedefineCrossEvent.java				generic-all

############################################################################

# jdk_security

# 8079767
sun/net/www/protocol/https/ChunkedOutputStream.java            generic-all
com/sun/crypto/provider/Cipher/AES/TestAESCiphers/TestAESWithProviderChange.java      generic-all
com/sun/crypto/provider/Cipher/AES/TestAESCiphers/TestAESWithRemoveAddProvider.java   generic-all
java/security/KeyRep/Serial.java                               generic-all
javax/xml/crypto/dsig/GenerationTests.java                     generic-all
javax/xml/crypto/dsig/ValidationTests.java                     generic-all
sun/security/krb5/auto/BasicProc.java                          generic-all
sun/security/krb5/auto/HttpNegotiateServer.java                generic-all
sun/security/krb5/auto/ReplayCacheTestProc.java                generic-all
sun/security/krb5/auto/SSL.java                                generic-all
sun/security/krb5/auto/UnboundSSL.java                         generic-all
sun/security/krb5/auto/UnboundSSLMultipleKeys.java             generic-all
sun/security/krb5/auto/UnboundSSLPrincipalProperty.java        generic-all
sun/security/pkcs11/Provider/Login.sh                          generic-all
sun/security/provider/certpath/OCSP/OCSPSingleExtensions.java  generic-all

sun/security/ssl/SSLSocketImpl/NotifyHandshakeTest.sh          generic-all
sun/security/tools/keytool/autotest.sh                         generic-all

############################################################################

# jdk_util and jdk_text

# 8044767

java/util/ResourceBundle/ReferencesTest.java                    generic-all
java/text/BreakIterator/Bug7104012.java                         generic-all

# legacy getBundle can't be used to find sun.util.resources.LocaleNames in module java.base
sun/util/resources/TimeZone/Bug4640234.java                     generic-all
sun/text/resources/LocaleDataTest.java                          generic-all

# legacy getBundle can't be used to find sun.awt.resources.awt in module java.desktop
java/util/ResourceBundle/Bug6299235Test.sh                      generic-all

# Can't find bundle for base name sun.text.resources.cldr.* type, locale ja_JP
java/util/Calendar/CldrFormatNamesTest.java                     generic-all
java/util/Calendar/GenericTimeZoneNamesTest.sh                  generic-all
java/util/Calendar/NarrowNamesTest.sh                           generic-all
java/util/Locale/LocaleProviders.sh                             generic-all
java/util/TimeZone/CLDRDisplayNamesTest.java                    generic-all

############################################################################
 
# svc_tools

# 8077708
sun/tools/jconsole/ResourceCheckTest.java			generic-all

# 8073141
sun/tools/jstat/jstatClassloadOutput1.sh                        generic-all

# 8078656
sun/tools/jstat/jstatTimeStamp1.sh				generic-all

# 8059035
sun/tools/jinfo/JInfoSanityTest.java                           generic-all
 
# 8072745
demo/jvmti/heapTracker/HeapTrackerTest.java			generic-all
demo/jvmti/hprof/HeapAllTest.java				generic-all
demo/jvmti/hprof/HeapBinaryFormatTest.java			generic-all
demo/jvmti/hprof/HeapDumpTest.java				generic-all
demo/jvmti/hprof/HeapSitesTest.java				generic-all
demo/jvmti/hprof/CpuOldTest.java				generic-all
demo/jvmti/hprof/CpuTimesDefineClassTest.java			generic-all
demo/jvmti/hprof/CpuTimesTest.java				generic-all
demo/jvmti/hprof/OptionsTest.java				generic-all
demo/jvmti/hprof/StackMapTableTest.java				generic-all
sun/tools/jhat/HatHeapDump1Test.java                            generic-all

############################################################################

# Exclude tests depending on package-private API or testlibrary
# until jtreg support is implemented

java/util/stream/boottest/java/util/stream/DoubleNodeTest.java		generic-all
java/util/stream/boottest/java/util/stream/FlagOpTest.java		generic-all
java/util/stream/boottest/java/util/stream/IntNodeTest.java		generic-all
java/util/stream/boottest/java/util/stream/LongNodeTest.java		generic-all
java/util/stream/boottest/java/util/stream/NodeBuilderTest.java		generic-all
java/util/stream/boottest/java/util/stream/NodeTest.java		generic-all
java/util/stream/boottest/java/util/stream/SliceSpliteratorTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/boottest/java/util/stream/SpinedBufferTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/boottest/java/util/stream/StreamFlagsTest.java		generic-all
java/util/stream/boottest/java/util/stream/StreamOpFlagsTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/boottest/java/util/stream/StreamReuseTest.java		generic-all
java/util/stream/boottest/java/util/stream/UnorderedTest.java		generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/lang/invoke/DeserializeMethodTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/lang/invoke/MHProxiesTest.java		generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/lang/invoke/SerializedLambdaTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/FillableStringTest.java		generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/MapTest.java				generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/NullArgsTestCase.java			generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/SplittableRandomTest.java		generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/CollectAndSummaryStatisticsTest.java generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/CollectionAndMapModifyStreamTest.java generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/CollectorsTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/ConcatOpTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/ConcatTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/CountLargeTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/CountTest.java		generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/DistinctOpTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/DoublePrimitiveOpsTests.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/FilterOpTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/FindAnyOpTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/FindFirstOpTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/FlatMapOpTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/ForEachOpTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/GroupByOpTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/InfiniteStreamWithLimitOpTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/IntPrimitiveOpsTests.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/IntReduceTest.java		generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/IntSliceOpTest.java		generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/IntUniqOpTest.java		generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/LongPrimitiveOpsTests.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/MapOpTest.java		generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/MatchOpTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/MinMaxTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/PrimitiveAverageOpTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/PrimitiveSumTest.java		generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/RangeTest.java		generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/ReduceByOpTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/ReduceTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/SequentialOpTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/SliceOpTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/SortedOpTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/SpliteratorTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/StreamBuilderTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/StreamCloseTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/StreamLinkTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/StreamParSeqTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/StreamSpliteratorTest.java	generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/TeeOpTest.java		generic-all
java/util/stream/test/org/openjdk/tests/java/util/stream/ToArrayOpTest.java	generic-all

java/util/regex/PatternStreamTest.java						generic-all

